c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\bin\Release\App.xbf
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\bin\Release\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\bin\Release\webCamRecorder.xr.xml
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\bin\Release\webCamRecorder.exe
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\bin\Release\webCamRecorder.pdb
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\bin\Release\resources.pri
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\bin\Release\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\bin\Release\webCamRecorder.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\App.xaml
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\App.xbf
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\webCamRecorder.exe
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\webCamRecorder.pdb
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\priconfig.xml
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\layout.resfiles
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\resources.resfiles
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\pri.resfiles
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\anılosman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webCamRecorder\webCamRecorder\obj\Release\ProjectArchitectures.txt
